Foundations JavaScript basics: Format headings with sentence case (#25852)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/javascript_developer_tools.md

*  Enable or Disable CSS Classes
*  Simulate media queries in Device Mode

### Opening dev tools

> There are three ways to open the Chrome Developer Tools menu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to open the Chrome DevTools menu:
```
